Email 1: 
  Write an email from a student to their professor requesting an extension on an
assignment submission deadline. The email must follow all professional email rules.

To: professor@vitbhopal.ac.in
Subject : Request to extend the deadline for submission of the Lab Practical record.

Respected Sir, 
I am writing this email to request for a short extension in the deadline to submit the Lab Practical records because
as a consequence of the recent events regarding disturbance in flight schedules of Indigo , my flight scheduled 
on 2nd of April to Bhopal has been cancelled and I am not sure about when it will be rescheduled to, hence I will be
travelling by train to Bhopal and would reach the college premises on 6th of April in the evening.
 
Therefore, I am concerned that I will not be able to submit the work by the current deadline and I kindly request you to 
please allow me to submit the records by 7th April.

I will try to the best of my ability to make sure the submission does not get delayed further.

Thank you for your time, consideration, and understanding.

Regards, 
Mahi Bhayare,
25BOE10002,
B.Tech Bioengineering, 
SBET, 
VIT Bhopal.








Email 2 -
Write an email from a student to an internship coordinator at a company,
expressing interest in a summer internship opportunity.

Subject : Application for Summer Internship 2026 Opportunity at ImmunoACT

My name is Mahi Bhayare, a second-year Bioengineering student at VIT Bhopal. I came across the summer internship 
postings on your careers page and am excited about the opportunity to contribute to ImmunoACTs' revolutionary 
projects in CAR-T cell therapy against cancer.

I am in continuous association with IISER Bhopals' Research and Development Cell and have gained some hands-on experience
within the Research Domain of The Bioengineering Club of VIT Bhopal. I look forward to pull off more such interesting and
scholastic opportunities which I discovered on your page on LinkedIn.

I’m available full-time from June to August 2026 and would love to discuss how I can support your goals.

I've attached my resume and GitHub portfolio for your review. Thank you for considering my application—I look forward to hearing from you!

Regards,
Mahi Bhayare,
25BOE10002,
B.Tech Bioengineering, 
SBET, 
VIT Bhopal.


















 
 
